user doc: Emphasize that Query field accepts standard SQL only (#8222)
syndesisio/syndesis: doc/modules/connecting/p_adding-db-connection-start.adoc

five minutes.
. Click *Next*.

.Limitations on the use of SQL extensions
SQL statements that you enter in the *Query* field must be standard SQL constructs. 

> Fuse Online does not recognize or parse SQL extensions such as Procedural Language/PostgreSQL (PL/pgSQL) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{prodname} does not recognize or parse SQL extensions such as Procedural Language/PostgreSQL (PL/pgSQL) 
```
